Update sso-overview.md to describe disabling password logins for admins (#6100)
fishtown-analytics/docs.getdbt.com: website/docs/docs/cloud/manage-access/sso-overview.md

## SSO enforcement

> * **SSO Enforcement:** If you have SSO turned on in your organization, dbt Cloud will enforce SSO-only logins for all non-admin users. If an Account Admin or Security Admin already has a password, they can continue logging in with a password unless this has been disabled using the **Allow password logins for account administrators** setting within the **Single sign on** section of your organization's **Account settings**.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
* **SSO Enforcement:** If SSO is turned on in your organization, dbt Cloud will enforce SSO-only logins for all non-admin users. By default, if an Account Admin or Security Admin already has a password, they can continue logging in with a password. To restrict admins from using passwords, turn off **Allow password logins for account administrators** in the **Single sign-on** section of your organization's **Account settings**.
```
